README.md, before:

# Welcome to the Gigapet BE! 🐾

This document contains:

1. Git flow for working with teams
2. General information
3. Endpoints and how to use the API

## Git flow for collaborating:

**Making pull requests**
Clone this repository locally. Do not fork it. Once you clone the repo locally, create a new branch.

`git checkout -b <branch-name>`

You will now be switched to your branch, that you can start working on. You can then commit your changes and create a pull request.

Try to include as much information as needed in your pull request to help both your team mate and team leader:

- What you worked on and any features implemented
- What bug was fixed (if any)

**After creating pull request**

Check and resolve any conflicts. Ask for review from team leader and your team mate.

Team Leader will then merge pull request.

**After pull request has been merged**

You will need to pull the latest changes from Github. Use the following commands:

````git checkout master
git pull // <--- this should update your files with master
git checkout -b <your-new-branch>```
````

Commit message:

Add general information to README.md

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the Gigapet BE! 🐾

This document contains:

1. Git flow for working with teams
2. General information
3. API endpoints and intrusctions on how to use them

## Git flow for collaborating:

**Making pull requests**
Clone this repository locally. Do not fork it. Once you clone the repo locally, create a new branch.

`git checkout -b <branch-name>`

You will now be switched to your branch, that you can start working on. You can then commit your changes and create a pull request.

Try to include as much information as needed in your pull request to help both your team mate and team leader:

- What you worked on and any features implemented
- What bug was fixed (if any)

**After creating pull request**

Check and resolve any conflicts. Ask for review from team leader and your team mate.

Team Leader will then merge pull request.

**After pull request has been merged**

You will need to pull the latest changes from Github. Use the following commands:

````git checkout master
git pull // <--- this should update your files with master
git checkout -b <your-new-branch>```
````

## General Information:

- Server URL: **_Add URL here once deployed_**
- Schema draft: https://dbdesigner.page.link/Zs6Bw9SrXUWyjrL37

## Endpoints:
